According to Alejandro's mother, Alejandro had the capacity to absorb everything he read.
He did not want to start his university studies in cinema before ever having touched a camera.
From the age of 15, Alejandro would dedicate his time to going to the cinema to watch movies.
The islands have a Mediterranean Climate, and the four major islands are all popular tourist destinations.
The islands' culture and cuisine are similar to that of the rest of Spain.
The islands had a very mixed population, of whose habits several strange stories are told.
Notwithstanding their celebrity in war, the people were generally very quiet and inoffensive.
For centuries, the Balearic sailors and pirates had been masters of the western Mediterranean.
This was a turning point in the history of Flamenco music that helped distinguish Nuevo Flamenco.
After the dramatic industrial crisis of the 1980s, Bilbao was forced to rethink its very economic foundations.
The film, produced in consultation with Camar칩n's widow, was subsequently nominated for several Goya Awards.
When his father died of asthma, while still very young, the family went through financial hardship.
The festival was established to promote Spanish cinema and help disseminate information about Spanish films.
The Civil War is often called the "dress rehearsal" for World War II.
The Civil War involved large numbers of non-Spanish citizens who participated in combat and advisory positions.
In October 1931, Republican Manuel Aza침a became prime minister of a minority government.
The Labour Party was split, with its Catholic element favouring the Nationalists.
Franco believed that he was justified in the brutal use of troops against Spanish civilians.
Virtually all Nationalist groups had strong Catholic convictions and supported the native Spanish clergy.
In 1922, Mir칩 explored abstracted, strongly coloured surrealism in at least one painting.
Mir칩's World Trade Center Tapestry was displayed for many years at the World Trade Center building.
The story also takes place in El Toboso where Don Quixote goes to seek Dulcinea's blessings.
Valencians use the word paella for all pans, including the specialized shallow pan used for cooking paellas.
You can make a seafood broth from shrimp heads, onions, garlic and bay leaves.
Mixed paella is a free - style combination of land animals, seafood, vegetables, and sometimes beans.
Orson Welles said he was inspired by his frequent trips to Spain and Ronda.
Ronda is situated in a very mountainous area about 750 m above mean sea level.
About five million tourists visit Tenerife each year, the most of any of the Canary Islands.
Tenerife, like the other islands, has maintained a close relationship with Latin America.
Eduardo Noriega is the youngest of seven siblings and the only one who became an actor.